# Gloo Docs

Consolidated repo for building and deploying Gloo community and enterprise docs. The content in this repo includes:

* Autogenerated API reference docs, produced during code generation for Gloo based on the protocol buffer definitions. These 
live in the `docs/v1` directory, and new API docs are pushed here every time Gloo open source or enterprise are released. The 
files in this directory should not be modified manually. 
* Autogenerated CLI reference docs, produced for Gloo based on the CLI implementation. These live in the `docs/cli` directory, and
new CLI docs are pushed here every time Gloo open source or enterprise are released. These files should also not be modified manually. 
* Manually created docs, static content, and theme overrides. 

## Building

To build these docs locally:
* Clone the repo
* Install `hugo` (currently the CI build uses Hugo 0.54)
* Run `make serve-site`. 

This will build the site and host it by default on `localhost:1313`.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the docs. Please test changes locally, and then open a pull request on this repo. The 
pull request must be reviewed and approved by a member of Solo. 

## Version management and publishing. 

Currently, this repo contains the consolidated docs for the latest version of Gloo open source and enterprise. When 
a change merges into master, it is automatically published to [glooe.solo.io](glooe.solo.io). Soon, it will push 
to [gloo.solo.io](gloo.solo.io), replacing the docs that are currently pushed from [gloo](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo).

In the future, we plan to host docs for each minor version of the product, however we are blocked on figuring out a
path forward: https://github.com/solo-io/gloo-docs/issues/8. 

